if I had forgotten to tell you a
small detail in my tips
as it is said of clothes that you must take to
gym but it's not that I have
forgotten but I wanted to nuance it well
leave a specific video about the top
that anti-morbid garment that holds you
tits
to see this you do not need it all is
Of course, not all of you have a super
personality size but even the
they do not have super personality
they suffer what is said the seriousness
like the apple of the history of
discovery of the gravity that falls in
tits fall or even
for being a little more specific vote
tits vote will vote this already
we've talked in other videos but if you
like you vote no matter which age
have their tits vote they vote because
it's one thing that is there point point
point then you take you go to the
treadmill and then you start to
note that meats in general vote
they vote but the tits more so the
wearing a top is quite important
so to feel more comfortable so that
do not vote for you and so that others do not
you're looking at ball plan you're going
to give a letter in the chic eye
for me it is super comfortable me personally
I put it up bra worth
because there are people who substitute him for the
bra but in my case I
I personally feel that it does not hold me
enough I do not have a 200 top
euros is sincerely worth the Chinese
of the Chinese trace of these typical
blacks of I do not know of cotton
but let's have one very similar
which is from the decathlon and makes me the same
function does not subject me to tits like to
I would like
I've never tried that fanciest I
thirty euros in a top sincerely that
is what we talked about the other day
today is that I have not spent my salary on
go to the gym that is the truth so
I combine it bra more top and hey girl
divine
I also know that there are shirts that
include that I used that
kind of shirts when I was going hip hop
because if he made it here once hip hop
that they bring as a reinforcement in the chest
which of those are also positive tic
That I can not speak because I can not speak
since I talk to you and you explain it to me
typical sports shirts that carry
as a possessed as another shirt more
short so to speak at the height of
breast that is not subject more
There are many options but the top is super
important I ping him and my circles under
sick lady too so nothing top
super basic so you do not bounce
tits so that others do not flipper
hey if you want to go to the gym
then you are free now to live as
I would say the network and live open aspects
there what you want but hey I am
more conservative then you know well then
I like to have tits for me and for
whoever I want to see them or I'm going to
vote you know and you think about this and if
we talk in the next video of what
the flesh votes what pain what pain
when you vote for meats and kisses